feat: add cudo compute to projects (#547)
nuxt/awesome: README.md

- [Lineup11.net](https://www.lineup11.net/) - Lineup11: Football lineup builder application to help users build football formations and share. Built with Nuxt.js.
- [Faker.js UI](https://fakerjsui.com) - Faker.js UI. Use Faker.js UI to easily generate fake (but realistic) data for testing and development using Faker.js.
- [Hippocrades](https://hippocrades.com/) - Enterprise-Grade Health Solutions Made Affordable

> - [Cudo Compute](https://www.cudocompute.com/) - Democratized cloud platform built with nuxt3, @nuxt/content and tailwind

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Cudo Compute](https://www.cudocompute.com/) - Democratized cloud platform built with Nuxt 3, @nuxt/content and Tailwind CSS
```
